Audio-Priority Menu for Commando - 29 Jan 2014
===================================================

HISTORY: originally by LraiZer for dBox2 Commando in July 2009, This allowed
'NAR' (narration for the visually impaired) to be switched off globally, by
making the default audio 'eng' (the 3 digit ISO_639 code for 'English') in
the Audio-Priority Settings menu.

For the Commando 14.7 release of 27 January 2013, we included a new shellmenu
item for 'Audio Selection' - giving the options of ENG (default), NAR, and AC3.
This seems to work fine, but now that Commando for DM500 is International with
usals and multi-Satellite support, we felt that a more 'global' approach to
audio Language settings would be more appropriate for users.

LraiZer did suggest we try his old Audio-Priority diff some months ago, and 
for that very reason. We have now accomplished this, but it certainly was not
an easy adaptation! The main obstacle confronting us was BSkyB's ignoring the
International DVB Standards, by having TWO audio streams for English! One for
AC3 and the second for normal English without narration.

Since both of these audio streams began with 'eng' - Audio-Priority had no way
of differentiating between the two. So whilst all the channels with English 
and NAR as their audio selections worked fine, Sky Movies didn't. The default
stream audio for those 12 channels is 'English (AC3)' and that's the way they
stayed! We spotted in a dvbsnoop log from a PMTpid scan that AC3 did in fact
have it's own audio pid 0x6a code (whereas English and NAR are 'undefined'). 

So we tested a tweak whereby if 0x6a is present, it's description is 'ac3'. A
couple of other files needed modding to suit, so the original 'English (AC3)'
now became 'AC3 Dolby (English)' and Audio-Priority now gives 'English' as the
default audio on Sky Movies, not AC3. Happy days!

USAGE:
=======

Default is 'English (no narration). So only 'eng' is required in the A-P menu
(found with Settings > Audio where you'd expect).

If you want 'NAR' (for the poor-sighted) change 'eng' to 'nar' on the first
line, and add 'eng' to the second line (to allow for channels that don't have
NAR). SAVE settings on the way out, then restart neutrino in the Services Menu

For 'AC3 Dolby (English)' as your default audio (where available), change 'eng'
to 'ac3' on the first line, and add 'eng' to the second line (to allow for 
channels that don't have AC3). SAVE settings on the way out, then restart 
neutrino in the Services Menu.

OTHER LANGUAGES:
================

Nearly 500 of them! View the file /share/iso-codes/iso-639.tab via FTP or in
the OSD via Tuxbox Commander to find YOUR country code(s).

A fun test to prove how well this works: Zap to "Euronews" and press AUDIO and
you will see that Audio = English. Also notice that 9 other languages are
carried on this channel.

In the A-P menu, make 'ger' the first priority ('deu' will not work) and 'eng' 
the second. SAVE and restart neutrino, then zap to "BBC1". Press AUDIO and you 
have English and not German (coz it isn't available) and not NAR, neither! 

Now zap to "Euronews" and see what lingo you have? Yup- German! How cool is
that? Undo your changes in A-P so that you only have 'eng' on the top line.
==============================================================================

With thanks to LraiZer for an amazing piece of work on his part!

29 Jan 2014: All carried over from C14.7 to C15.0 intact, so should work fine!

===============================================================================

